1290731376
ActsAsChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  module ActsAsChangeLogger
ActsAsChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  module ActsAsChangeLogger
ChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	module ChangeLogger
ChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	module ChangeLogger
ChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/railtie.rb	module ChangeLogger
ChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/whodunnit.rb	module ChangeLogger
ChangeLogger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	module ChangeLogger
ChangeLoggerGenerator	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/generators/change_logger_generator.rb	class ChangeLoggerGenerator 
ChangeLoggerGenerator	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/generators/change_logger_generator.rb	class ChangeLoggerGenerator 
ClassMethods	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    module ClassMethods
ClassMethods	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    module ClassMethods
CreateChangeLogs	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/generators/templates/create_change_logs.rb	class CreateChangeLogs 
InstanceMethods	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    module InstanceMethods
InstanceMethods	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    module InstanceMethods
Railtie	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/railtie.rb	  class Railtie 
Whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/whodunnit.rb	  module Whodunnit
acts_as_change_logger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def acts_as_change_logger
acts_as_change_logger	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def acts_as_change_logger
change_logger_store	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.change_logger_store
copy_migration	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/generators/change_logger_generator.rb	  def copy_migration
copy_migration	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/generators/change_logger_generator.rb	  def copy_migration
create_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def create_change_log
create_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def create_change_log
delete_records	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  alias_method :delete_records
delete_records	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  alias_method :delete_records
delete_records_with_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  def delete_records_with_change_log
delete_records_with_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  def delete_records_with_change_log
delete_records_without_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  alias_method :delete_records_without_change_log
delete_records_without_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  alias_method :delete_records_without_change_log
down	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/generators/templates/create_change_logs.rb	  def self.down
ignore	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	        cattr_accessor :ignore
ignore	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	        cattr_accessor :ignore
included	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    def self.included
included	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/whodunnit.rb	    def self.included
included	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	    def self.included
insert_record	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  alias_method :insert_record
insert_record	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  alias_method :insert_record
insert_with_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  def insert_with_change_log
insert_with_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  def insert_with_change_log
insert_without_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  alias_method :insert_without_change_log
insert_without_change_log	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	  alias_method :insert_without_change_log
record_association	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_association
record_association	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_association
record_association_delete	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_association_delete
record_association_delete	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_association_delete
record_changes	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_changes
record_changes	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_changes
record_destroy	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_destroy
record_destroy	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/pkg/change_logger-0.0.1/lib/change_logger/acts_as_change_logger.rb	      def record_destroy
set_change_logger_whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/whodunnit.rb	    def set_change_logger_whodunnit
up	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/generators/templates/create_change_logs.rb	  def self.up
whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.whodunnit
whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger.rb	  def self.whodunnit
whodunnit	/home/dan/workspace/rails3/gems/change_logger/lib/change_logger/whodunnit.rb	    def whodunnit
